Ah!
Master, please forgive me
Give me a break.
This is what the lady asked me to do
I don't want to either.
Master, please forgive me
Please forgive me this time, sir
I am a servant
I can't help it either.
I'm having a good time as the rich man told me so, haha
Look at me look at me
There are old and young
Forgive me and never dare again
I don't dare anymore hahaha
I don't dare anymore.
Jiangnan is also so familiar
Of course.
In the future, this mute
He can't speak.
I'll teach you.
Ah hahahahaha
Ah!
battalion commander
I'm easy to bully, right?
Who am I?
Want to fall on my head
Step on it
Ah!
Want to play?
I'll play with you.
Bring the needle
Don't let me see his ten fingers
A little bit of good meat
I can't do that.
Uh, hahaha.
Hahahaha